<!--
  ~ Copyright 2004-2013 ICEsoft Technologies Canada Corp.
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ you may not use this file except in compliance with the
  ~ License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~
  ~ Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  ~ software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS
  ~ IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
  ~ express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  ~ governing permissions and limitations under the License.
  -->

<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
             xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
             xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
             xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
             xmlns:mobi="http://www.icesoft.com/icefaces/mobile/component">

    <mobi:fieldsetGroup>
        <div style="padding:0 20px;">

            <div style="float:left;width:100%;">
                <mobi:graphicImage
                        style="float:left;width:125px;height:125px;padding:10px 10px 0 0;"
                        library="images"
                        name="qrcode.png"/>

                <div style="padding-top: 25px;">
                    <h3>ICEmobile Component Showcase</h3>
                    <h4>ICEmobile 1.0</h4>
                    <h5>ICEsoft Technologies Inc.</h5>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div style="clear:both;"/>

            <p>A showcase of the ICEmobile-Faces Component Suite. Experience, first hand,
                the ICEmobile components in action. Each component includes a working example,
                descriptions on how to use it, and source code resources. This demo is
                optimized for mobile, but can be viewed using any browser. The ICEmobile
                Container is not required, but recommended to fully experience the
                capabilities of the native components.</p>
        </div>
    </mobi:fieldsetGroup>

    <h3>ICEmobile Overview</h3>
    <mobi:fieldsetGroup>
        <div style="padding:0 20px;">

            <p>ICEmobile is an open source project for the development of web-based, Enterprise Java applications for mobile devices. Core mobile features are packaged in technology-specific bundles to enable mobile development across a wide spectrum of Enterprise Java technologies. </p>

            <p>ICEmobile leverages mobile browsers' support for HTML5, CSS3, and Ajax to create web-based applications where the client presentation matches the device's native look and feel, but is delivered via a secure, enterprise-strength, Java backend. The web-based approach ensures seamless cross-platform support for today's most advanced smart phones and tablets. ICEpush is integrated into the ICEmobile environment to deliver revolutionary, real-time, collaborative capabilities to your mobile application, and includes extensions for mobile, cloud-based push mechanisms. And where HTML5 capabilities are not enough, ICEmobile offers native device containers that extend browser capabilities, providing seamless integration with native device capabilities such as the camera, camcorder and microphone.</p>

            <p>Java Enterprise standards are at the heart of ICEmobile, so Enterprise Java developers can leverage existing core competencies, development tools, and best practices to deliver solutions that span the entire spectrum from desktop to mobile devices. ICEmobile will target a wide spectrum of Java presentation technologies like JSP, Spring MVC, GWT, and others, but the initial offering, ICEmobile-Faces, is based on JSF and leverages the advanced ICEfaces 2 framework.</p>

        </div>
    </mobi:fieldsetGroup>


</ui:composition>